
	Maude System
	Copyright 1998,1999 SRI International.


It is important that you subscribe to the maude mailing list if using Maude,
as this is the mechanism by which we will make important announcements about
the system.


Installing Maude

The information below describes how to install Maude.

The following discussion assumes a Linux configuration. Switch `linux' by
`solaris' or `sunos' in what follows if you download a Solaris or SunOS
version of the system. To install the system:

      uncompress maude-linux.tar.Z | tar xvf -

This generates the following directory structure:


     maude-linux/

          bin/

               full-maude.maude
               maude.linux
               prelude.maude

          examples/

               *.maude

You can start the Core Maude system by calling the maude.linux binary in the
maude-linux/bin directory. Note that when you execute maude.linux the file
prelude.maude is automatically loaded in the system. The system looks for it
in the same directory where it is located. This is all you need to use Core
Maude.

Once you are in the Core Maude system, if you want to use Full Maude, you
need to load the full-maude.maude file. You have to give the path of the
full-maude.maude file to load it. Thus, if you are in the directory where
the file full-maude.maude is located you just type:

     Maude> in full-maude.maude

Assuming that the  full-maude.maude file is in the maude-linux/bin directory
and that you are, for example, in the directory maude-linux/examples, you
type:

     Maude> in ../bin/full-maude.maude

If you want to avoid the inconvenience of typing the whole path everytime
you have to download it, we recomend creating a soft link to it. The system
does not assume anything about its location. However, we strongly recomend
not to change its location to facilitate future actualizations. You can
create a symbolic link to get the same effect.

When loading full-maude.maude the Full Maude system is automatically 
started. You can restart it at any moment by typing

     Maude> loop init .

You can then start entering modules or commands to Full Maude. At this point
the system accepts inputs to Core Maude (in the usual way) and to Full Maude
(enclosing them in parentheses).

Another way of using Full Maude is to pass full-maude.maude as an argument
when executing maude.linux,  by typing

     maude.linux full-maude.maude

when both files are in the same directory, or the full path name for each
otherwise. Or you can define your own aliases. For example,

     alias maude  "<path>/maude-linux/bin/maude.linux"

     alias full-maude  "<path>/maude-linux/bin/maude.linux
     <path>/maude-linux/bin/full-maude.maude"

The directory maude-linux/bin/examples contains all the examples in the
manual.

